the 9th of March the mistral bpc paired with Toulon with on board about sixty
of people representing the various organizations that participate
this activity
with the aim of granting the homologation of the platform
but also and mostly
evaluate the accounts
the children's journey
the weapon system
the national navy
find regular conditions
instead of shooting
and mooring procedures its balance sheet
on the side of the sorbonne
a lot of difference since the visual cue is not the same
the duel of the customers on the boat is not there the same with a use
tools stay on 1%
writing
kddi constraints of
course security
which are not the same causes
in order to check these different points
a number of exercises were done to repeat them by the
personnel of the alejo mobility group of the technical section of the Army of
Earth
it is of course that we made this clip
abundance
rolling
on the flight deck
the sheeting
the organizer not reserved
in the elevators
verification
the general bernard guillet
director of the state
it is especially moved for this labeling campaign
last phase of technical and operational experimentation before
pronounce its commissioning
helicopters to support protection of the army
we could perhaps send to the theater of operations